You wake on floor sometime later, still feeling hazy. The ornate room from before has now changed to a large, rough cavern. As you sit up you see that the gold and jewels that littered the floor have turned into bones. You realize that it must have all been an illusion.

Once the haziness clears from your head, you stand and look around the room more clearly. You see that behind the throne, a doorway has appeared. Eager to remove yourself from what you could now only describe as a tomb, you approach the doorway. There is a cool, sweet smelling breeze wafting through the doorway. You peer through the opening to see a smooth sided tunnel beyond it. You see no markings around the doorway that indicate what may lie beyond. You cautiously walk through the doorway.

It feels as though you have been walking through the tunnel for a while. The walls and floors of the tunnel are smooth and unmarred and it seems to stretch on forever. The sweet smell in the breeze is pleasant and gets stronger the longer you walk. You begin to feel very tired and as if you may never find the end. A few moments after this thought crosses your mind, the tunnel suddenly opens up into a small room. The room looks like a small, sparsely furnished bedroom. There is a comfortable looking bed in the center of the room and a small table with a chair. As you look around you see no other doorways out.

As you stand there, you feel a sudden wave of fatigue come over you. You feel as though there is no energy left in your body to carry on. You begin to think of how nice it would be to lie or sit down for a while. The sweet smell is strongest in the room and seems to be coaxing you to lie down.

Do you lie down on the bed or sit at the chair?

Option 1:
You decide that it wouldn't hurt to lie down and rest for a while. The bed looks so comfortable that it's hard to resist the call. You walk over to the bed and pull the thick blanket back. You sit on the edge of the bed and remove your shoes. The mattress feels soft and comfortable under your weight and the blankets feel slightly warm. You lie down, pulling the blacket up, and feel that the pillow is like a cloud. You adjust and feel yourself sinking into the mattress.

As you lie there you marvel at how comfortable the bed is and relish the idea of getting some rest after the trials you have been through. As you feel yourself begin dozing off, you start to think that you could just sleep forever. The idea of waking up and trying to continue through these caverns of nightmares is repulsive to you. You would much rather just sleep here in this comfortable bed. As soon as these thoughts cross your mind, your body feels heavy, immobile, and you feel yourself sinking into the mattress more. It is difficult to keep your eyes open and you feel as though you are about to be pulled into a deep sleep. 

The last thing you see before your eyes close is a giant, spindly legged spider with a strange face slowly creeping down from the ceiling of the room. You hear a soft voice in your head saying, "Sleep. Sleep deep and feed the Demon of Sloth." You then fall into a deep sleep and never wake.

Option 2:
You walk over to the table and chair and decide to sit and rest for a moment. The trials you have gone through have left you feeling sore and worn out. As you sit there you examine the room closer, looking for any dangers or exits. The room is very dimly lit but you can see all around. The ceiling seems to expand upward into shadows but you can't make anything out.

As you sit, your body begins to relax and you have the thought that it might be nice to lie down and rest. You dismiss the thought, knowing that if you try to sleep you may not want to wake up and would be vulnerable to any dangers that may appear. You can still smell the sweet scent of the room and it seems to intensify. You feel another intense wave of fatigue rush over you and feel very sluggish. You try to shake the fatigue but it seems to cling to you. You begin to wonder if this may be another trick like what the Demon of Greed played.

You feel your eyes growing heavy and you decide to force yourself to stand to try to fight off the fatigue. Your body feels heavy but you are finally able to slowly get back to your feet. You begin to make yourself pace about and as you walk you feel the fatigue lift a bit. As your pace begins to quicken, the sweet scent becomes sickening and unbearable. Another wave of intense fatigue washes over you. You sit back down, nauseous and fatigued, and use your shirt to cover your nose and try to filter the smell. The scent doesn't seem to be as intense this way and you begin to feel a bit better.

You hear a faint skittering sound above you and suddenly a soft voice in your head says, "There is no need to resist. It's time for a well deserved rest." You look above you where you heard the sound and see a large shadow begin to descend. As it nears the light you can see the form of a giant, spindly legged spider slowly descending. When it reached the floor, you can see that it has a vaguely human face with many eyes. It moves slowly toward you and you stand quickly, grasping the top of the chair. 

"There is no need to be frightened. I am simply here to ease you into a deep slumber", the voice echoes in your head again. The creature is still moving slowly as it approaches the bed and neatly folds back the blankets with two of it's spindly legs.

Do you lie down on the bed or decline the offer?

	First Option for Option 2:
You decide that the spider does not seem to be threatening and slowly approach the bed. Another wave of fatigue rushes over you as your body relaxes more. You feel so tired that you could sleep for weeks. You sit on the edge of the bed and remove your shoes. The mattress feels soft and comfortable under your weight and the blankets feel slightly warm. You lie down, the creature pulls the blanket up and tucks it in around you. You adjust and feel yourself sinking into the mattress. Your eyes are heavy and difficult to keep open. You feel yourself beginning to doze off.

The last thing you see before your eyes close is the spider slowly moving to the foot of the bed. You can just make out a thin thread it is holding in one of its legs. You are concerned but so tired that your body is too heavy to move. The spider slowly tucks the blanket tighter around your legs and begins wrapping the thread around you. You hear the soft voice in your head saying, "Sleep. Sleep deep and feed the Demon of Sloth." There is nothing you can do to fight the fatigue and you are pulled into a deep slumber, never waking.

	Second Option for Option 2:
" I don't think I'm ready to sleep right now" you say, cautiously. You are unsure of what the true intentions are of this creature. You can see a brief moment of frustration pass over the spider's face. "I know that you must be tired. No harm will fall upon you as you sleep here", it tries again. It motions for you to come to the bed but you stand firm, still gripping the chair.

You can see that the spider seems to be growing more frustrated as you continue to stay put. It slowly begins to circle around the room, making it's way toward you. As it get closer you can see that it looks like it is spinning a thin thread as if to try to ensnare you. It is keeping it's body angled so that it might hide it's spinning.

When it is only a few feet away you hear the voice again. "If you won't sleep willingly perhaps you need more forceful persuasion. It's time to give your life to the Demon of Sloth!" it said, viciously as it leapt towards you. 

Since you were still gripping the chair, you immediately swing it up towards the creature, hitting it across the head. The chair broke apart with the force and the spider was knocked backwards, hissing as it skittered across the floor. It righted itself and leapt towards you again. This time you bring up the splintered chair piece you are still holding and stab it into the creatures thorax. It hisses and sputters for a few moments before falling to the floor, dead.

You stumble back and sit on the edge of the bed. After calming down, you look around the room to see that another doorway has opened up and you can see another tunnel beyond it.

Do you walk through the doorway or do you decide to rest longer?

Option 1:
Continue to next scene

Option 2:

You decide that it might be safe to lie down and rest for a while. The bed looks so comfortable that it's hard to resist the call. You remove your shoes. The mattress feels soft and comfortable under your weight and the blankets feel slightly warm. You lie down, pulling the blanket up, and feel that the pillow is like a cloud. You adjust and feel yourself sinking into the mattress. You close your eyes and feel yourself drift into a deep sleep. You do not reawaken.

 